JIMMINC Web Services, you want to know how it all started? ||

Let's begin from the very start. My name is Jimm. The idea of launching this start-up all started from when I was spending my time developing my portfolio website which turned out to be the website for myown start-up. I loved designing and developing websites and knowing that my client was satisfied with what I have delivered. Seeing my designs being projected to a real working website brings genuine euphoria to me. It was an unexpected turn of events how the thought of having my own business would soon come. ||

The mission I have had for my start-up is to accelerate and elevate the customer reach of other businesses utilising a professionaly built website. I believe that websites serves as a bridge for businesses to reach more customers potentially from different parts of the world. Having a website published and exposed to the eyes of Internet users can enable millions of customers to arrive at the doors of organisations. This is why I started this whole master plan which I believe will assist many businesses or individuals to bring traffic to their products. ||

Additionally, JIMMINC is not just a professional website building business. It is also an educational platform where I mentor keen learners who wants to learn how to code a website. I want to teach those who are willing and interested to learn the fundamentals of the languages required to build a website. Millions of people have been affected by the pandemic and in result, they have also lost their source of income and now struggling to find another source. By learning how to code, people can have an alternative path to take on and flee from the effect of pandemic regarding employment. My mission for JIMMINC is to help businesses to reach more customers but also, assist individuals to find an alternative to their employment. ||

The vision for this start-up is seeing businesses and individuals prosper through my services. This is what satisfies me as a professional web artisan. ||

Connect with me on my socials and feel free to send me a message about how everything started for your business. I'm sure you have an interesting story to share! ||

Well, that's my story. I would like to know yours!