Title: How should I set the price when building a website?

Description: Got a client asking for the cost of your service but don't know how to respond? Here's how.

Blog: I once asked this question myself and I had no idea how to do it myself. There are countless variables that the cost of a website depends on. For example, the number of pages, the functions and features that the client wants for the website, the web hosting and many more! Many designers set such a cheap price that do not match their abilities and some are overpriced but provides a half-baked product. What I just described was my situation back then. I often underpriced and sometimes overpriced my services which resulted in either losing a potential client or working many hours a week for £20 minus the 20% for Fiverr and the dollar-to-pounds currency conversion. ||

How much does a website truly cost? To put a simple answer to this question, the cost of a website all depends on the needs and wants of the client. There must be no fixed price because every website are built different and there are no multiple clients that wants the same product. Designers must be able to determine the price of their website based on their abilities to meet the client requirements, the amount of work hours that will be invested to this project until it is finished, ongoing service such as web maintenance and SEO auditing, and other factors involved in building a masterpiece. ||

Here at JIMMINC, the payment plan is bases on the costs of the websites I build from the needs of a client. On the first phase of our own version of the Four D Procedure is discuss in which we consult with the clients about their needs and wants for the product. During this phase, I will find out what the client wants, how long it will take me to finish and whether the client needs an ongoing service. This is how I calculate the cost of the website I build for clients. At the beginning of the project, the payment will cost 50% upfront and the remaining 50% will be paid once the project has been deployed. Ongoing services such as SEO and maintenance will be paid recurringly every month. ||

Having a solid structure on how to calculate the cost shows clients the professionalism of the designer. The most important thing that a designer must not fall into is the trap of letting the client set the price. On the first paragraph of this blog I shared my experience at Fiverr, here's a little more insight. It's difficult to get your first client due to no experience and clients would rather make a deal with the ones with solid experience working with others. However, there is a feature on this platform where clients can write a request and they set their budget price for only $5!!! Of course for the experience, freelancers would take any chance just to have a good testimonial on their profile. I became a victim of this during my time at Fiverr and it's a toxic action because the clients drive the designers to work practically for free in exchange of a testimonial with only five words, maybe six if they are generous. ||

Designers and developers, it is one key to being a business connoisseur to know the worth of your service and be able to communicate with your client in a professional manner. Calculate the price based on the requirements of your clients and the worth of your service and compromise to nurture the growth of your relationship with your client. Do not fall into that trap where you let the clients lead your service. You are the expert and the one serving the clients with your websites, know the worth of your time and effort that you invest in the work you have done. That's my advice. ||

God bless!